# Repo
Introduction:
From March 2018, China and USA are engaged in a trade war as each country continues to dispute tariffs placed on some specific good. US President Donald Trump had declared in his campaign to fix China's "longtime abuse of the broken international system and unfair practices". Trade war became the most unstable factor which negatively influence bilateral trade between the two biggest country, the enterprises, the financial market and so on, which incurs huge loss for the investors. So it is a reasonable proposal to do sentiment analysis on trade war in order to get the regression between the sentiment of news articles and the performance of stock and provide advice for the US-listed Chinese investors.

Three Stages:
Presentation 1: Our goal is to figure out the influence of public opinions on trade to US-listed Chinese company stock performance. We first read previous papers on this topic and were inspired by Baker and Wurgler (2006) and HUANG, JIANG, TU and ZHOU(2015).The news source we want to do web scraping are Financial Times, BBC, WSJ and so on. And the target index we want to do analysis are S&P U.S. Listed China 50 Index and NASDAQ QMX China Index. Then we try to create Corpora and calculate word marks and get the total mark for each article. When doing public opinion analysis, we mark the article we scraped from websites. 
Presentation 2: In the midterm process we first determine the text source, which is CNN website. If we search the news by keyword “trade war”, we could get more than 4 thousand news from CNN. Then, in order to classify natural language sentiment of news articles, manual and automatic ones using McDonald-Loughran Analysis are tested for determining sentiment. After we read the data and do text analysis, we build three types of models to regress with the calculated signal in regression process.
Presentation 3: In the last part, we scrap the article in the topic of trade war from CBS. After reading the articles, we create positive and negative lists, tokenize the articles in parts and use BoW package to calculate sentiment score. The target index we use are S&P U.S. Listed China 50 Index and NASDAQ QMX China Index and do regression analysis with data respectively. We found the regression model was not significant by using BoW. However, after adjusting it through Tf-idf, the model became significant. And the model indicates the daily news about trade war has significant impact on that day’s stock return.

Reuslt and further research:
We finish the sentiment analysis about trade war and get reasonable result, but there are still some shortcomings. In the future, we first tend to crawl more articles content in order to cover the main medias. Then, we would take the holiday effect into account which may impact the lag regression part. We also want improve the machine learning part code in order to make it match the requirement of sentiment analysis. Due to limited space, out report ends here. Thanks for your reading.
